You mean Xia Meng?
Maybe not.
I saw him save lives today.
Obviously
This is not something that a blind person can achieve
If there is no summer dream
What we did to Chen Wanxia that day
He probably saw it.
No way I accompanied him to the hospital so many times
There are doctor's examination reports
Miserable he can't hide from me
that
What if he just got better recently?
If blindness is good
And he didn't tell us.
It means he's already on guard against us.
Maybe they are already secretly transferring property
No way.
We need to quickly confirm whether he is blind or not
If you are really blind
Let's maintain the status quo
Wait until I get the 10 billion order from Pangu Group.
You have the ability to kick him out of the company
What if he doesn't?
Not down
It means that they already know about us.
Then just kill those
Then disguised as an accident
It will be up to me
To inherit the entire inn
I want to know the end of the shrimp dream
I have a way
Then it all depends on rice
Here's your coffee, Ma'am.